Is that...
Could that be...
The Skytree?!
No, that's just a transmission tower.
Nekoma
Metropolitan
High School
Here we are, Tokyo!
The scenery's not that different from Miyagi.
Well, we're in the suburbs.
Walk faster!
Hey, wait.
Aren't you missing some people?
Actually...
This is how awesome...
...your upperclassmen are!
You both barely got over the 40 points needed to pass.
Huh? Hinata, you failed English?
But you were so confident.
Apparently, he figured out right before time was up that he'd filled in all his answers off by one.
Seriously?
Too bad Ms. Ono, the English teacher, won't let things like that slide.
Yachi was really shocked by it too.
But they're right... But they're right!
In Kageyama's case, the issue was Modern Literature.
Apparently, there were a lot of reading
comprehension questions this time around,
but he'd concentrated on memorization when he studied.
Wow, he got a perfect score on the kanji section. Dang.
Well, don't be too depressed.
It's not like this'll be our only trip to—
How are we getting to Tokyo?
Should we run?
By bike, obviously.
They're dead set on going!
Listen up, knuckleheads.
Huh?
So the power duo's retaking some tests right now?
Yeah... But, well...
There...
There're two girls now!
Now they've got a pretty one and a cute one!
Whoa, a mohawk.
Tokyo's intense.
Do you see, Tora?
This is what Karasuno's true ability looks like.
Ugh! So bright!
Let's go.
R-Right.
All right. When you're all ready, come to the gym.
The other teams are already there.
Yeah.
I keep running as I run out of breath
With dreams on my mind and a fire in my belly
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
I feel like I'll be left behind in this world
If I come to a standstill
People ask me why I find joy in this
But I don't understand it myself
Running is the only thing on my mind
Even if nothing goes right in the future
I won't stop trying to find the best version of myself
Even if someone tells me that this is as far as I go
And draws the line on me
I'll say no, thank you, and surge on ahead
So what?
Whatever the future may bring
However people are supposed to act
So what?
It doesn't really matter
So I'm a believer
Episode Four:
"Center Ace"
Would you look at this? You two look unusually serious.
You guys only failed one test, right?
You should be able to finish retaking it in the morning.
After that, I'll call in your savior.
Do your best!
What's up, failures?
Get in.
A-Are you Tanaka's older sister?
Call me Saeko.
I'll get you two to Tokyo in the blink of an eye.
Saeko!
Strap in, 'cause here we go!
Okay!
However, the safety and comfort of the ride
cannot be completely guaranteed.
However, the safety and comfort of the ride cannot be completely guaranteed.
Thank you for understanding.
It's been a while,
Coach Nekomata.
Glad you could come all this way.
Thanks for letting us take part in the group practices.
No, it was nothing. We'll definitely be taking a close look at your progress since last we met.
Let's have good matches!
Wait... Where's Shouyou?
Seems he had to retake a test.
I see.
Nice!
All right!
There!
Good!
All right!
Okay.
Nice!
Okay!
Once we're done warming up, we'll regroup and the teams will play each other in a rotation.
Right.
After each set, the losing team has to run one lap around the court, diving.
Diving?
They're going to act like they're diving to dig out a ball.
They'll slide across the floor on their chests with their arms extended.
Take a look at the match lineup over there.
Hey, was that guy with Nekoma the last
time we had a practice match with them?
You should be up against Shinzen first.
Got it.
Huh?
The guy who's staring really hard at us?
Yeah.
I'm pretty sure he wasn't.
Hey, stop sulking already.
I know you're in a hurry, okay?
There are some sights you only see when you take a detour.
I don't really get it, but that sounds awesome!
It means you should be thankful for your failing grade because now you get to ride with me.
Whoops.
You must really love volleyball if you're so concerned.
Yes!
When did you start playing?
When I was in grade school,
I saw the spring nationals on TV!
I caught it right as Karasuno was playing, and...
I saw the Little Giant!
You saw the Little Giant,
am I right?
Guess I was right.
You know the Little Giant?!
I'm pretty sure I went to school with him.
What?!
But I never spoke to him.
I probably would've known him better if he was the mischievous type and stood out.
Were you like the sort of person who was friends with all the bad guys?
Pretty much, yeah!
But...
One time, when I saw them playing a practice match or something,
he looked way scarier than any of the scary-looking people I knew.
Actually, it was more like he was really intense.
You mean the way he'd spike the ball?
Nah.
Maybe he wasn't feeling his best at the time,
but he was being switched out.
Karasuno                                         Yugama
He's what you guys call an ace, right?
You could see the absolute pride and confidence of being the ace rising up from his body.
I nearly fell for the guy on the spot.
Anyway, when the ace is in action,
everyone around him acts like they
aren't gonna let him do all the work.
You really know a lot about the Little Giant.
Not really! I just happened to see some of his matches, that's all!
So you were awake, huh?
I got hungry.
Do you just follow your instincts?
Yes.
We won't get worse just because you watched us.
The absolute pride and confidence of being the ace...
All right, we're almost there.
I'm flooring it!
Number seven!
Karasuno                     Fukurodani
One blocker!
Nice receive, Nishinoya!
They're going left!
Damn it!
Karasuno                     Fukurodani
They're quite good.
Yeah.
One lap of diving drills!
Yessir!
It's not like we're doing that badly either.
They're just the kind of team who can make it to nationals.
Give us a good serve!
Damn you and your pouty lips!
Their arms are gonna snap off!
Everyone on that team is really good at serving.
The manager from Ubugawa mentioned that.
They put their all into their serves.
Yeah.
It must be pretty hard to have to do a hundred serves at the end of practice.
Give us another good one!
Ubugawa High School's serves are their ultimate attacks.
Ubugawa High School
(Kanagawa)
But once we're able to dig out a serve...
Bring it!
Whoa! They're all moving at once?!
Too bad, I'm actually over here!
That was an amazing combo.
Th-There are people jumping up all over the place.
I can't tell who's going to hit it.
Yeah!
They're truly the masters of combination attacks.
Shinzen High School
(Saitama)
Shinzen High School.
Shinzen High School
(Saitama)
And then we have our destined rivals...
Yaku!
Like always, they're excellent at receiving.
The school that's known to dig out balls,
keep them in play, and wait to counterattack:
Nekoma High School
(Tokyo)
Nekoma High School.
Nekoma High School
(Tokyo)
Two blockers!
And...
Sorry, cover me!
Okay!
Take that!
Akaashi!
Just like Ushiwaka...
Bokuto!
...he's one of the top five aces in the country.
Tsukki!
Hey, Kenma! Don't run from that!
My arms will rip off.
They won't rip off!
We're very thankful...
All right!
I'm so awesome!
Hey, hey, hey!
Fighting at nationals, a powerhouse with a great ace:
Fukurodani Academy
(Tokyo)
Fukurodani Academy.
It's amazing that we can face such great teams.
Yeah.
However, this is no time to be scared of how good our opponents are.
We have to be on the same level as these guys.
Karasuno                  Ubugawa
All right!
One lap of diving drills!
Yessir!
How many losses are they up to now?
They're not exactly bad, just sorta... mediocre.
Who are the first-years that Nekoma had such a hard time with?
Maybe the guys from Nekoma
overestimated them or something?
Hitoka, hold it back. There, there.
It's okay.
If what Tanaka said was true,
they should be here any second now.
Hey, they're still at it.
We totally made it. Not bad at all.
Big Sis!
Wait, that's your sister?
No, she's Ryuu's sister.
You're right. I can see the resemblance.
Glad they made it in one piece.
So the stars are showing up fashionably late?
How annoying.
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
Nice serve!
Nice receive!
Hey, what was that?
So fast...
I've never seen a fast attack like that.
We're stopping the next one!
Yessir!
Give us a good serve!
Sorry! Cover it!
Eikichi, I'm counting on you!
Wow, nice serve! Not bad!
Nice, Hinata!
Eikichi! Stop their number ten!
Shinzen                 Karasuno
Damn it!
I was able to graze it, but it got away from me!
What the hell is up with number nine and ten's fast attack?!
Don't act all cool, flunking tardy boys.
One lap of diving drills!
Yessir!
We finally got our first win in our ninth set.
It's our first time not doing the penalty lap.
I'm starving!
Give us a good serve!
Looks like it's Ubugawa versus Nekoma over there.
Yaku, nice receive!
That might be the last match for the night,
considering the time.
Yeah.
In the second half, they were able to keep up with that fast attack.
Date Tech,
Seijou,
and Inuoka from Nekoma.
I guess that fast attack won't work
forever against the better opponents.
Yaku! Nice receive!
Huh?
Inuoka's on the sideline?
One blocker!
Go, Lev!
All right!
His arm is like a whip...
Wow...
That number eleven...
At first glance, it's hard to tell because he's slouching, but he's pretty tall.
He might be over 190 cm tall.
His arms and legs are so long.
Who the heck is he?
Nekoma                           Ubugawa
All right!
Seriously, what the hell is with that shrimpy
middle blocker and that setter from Karasuno?
They were completely toying with you.
Shut up! Take a look at their fast attack up close!
You wouldn't know what was going on!
Man, this year looks like it's gonna be interesting.
Thank you for the matches!
Your fast attacks were amazing as always, Shouyou!
But nothing's changed from before.
It's no different from back then.
I came here to improve.
Hey! Who the heck is that middle blocker of yours?
Oh...
That's the first-year, Haiba Lev.
He's half Russian and half Japanese.
H-Half Russian?!
So cool!
L-Le...
Lev.
What does it mean in Russian again? Tiger?
It means lion!
He wasn't there last time, right?
Yeah.
Lev started playing volleyball in high school.
When we went to Karasuno around Golden Week, he still hadn't played very much, and only the regulars went.
He's that good already?!
Yeah.
Also, when we paired up in practice, we had a lot of trouble.
No matter how hard I tried, our timing was always off.
I'm used to it now, though.
I see...
Kenma couldn't stop sighing.
I guess there are people even you can't read.
Lev is just too special.
Right now, he's mostly working off his innate physical abilities and instincts.
And his height.
Yeah, his height is totally unfair!
I want some of that!
He's been blessed with too much!
But I'm not gonna lose!
Well, he's a powerful asset, honest, and not a bad guy.
Though he's too honest at times.
Oh, he still sucks at passing the ball around, though.
He's worse than you, Shouyou.
His serves are worse than yours too.
Am I your standard for crappy?!
But you are bad.
Kenma's actually talking without being shy.
Yeah.
Haiba... Haiba Lev, huh?
Western names are so awesome...
There's... R-Russian! How do I greet in Russian?! Russian!
Karasuno's number ten.
Japanese?!
Oh, sorry.
I can't speak Russian.
I was born and raised in Japan.
I see!
Hey, how tall are you?
I'm Hinata Shouyou, a first-year.
I was 194 cm tall the last time I checked.
I'm Haiba Lev, a first-year.
194 cm! Nice!
You're even smaller up close, Hinata.
What was that?! Eh?!
S-Sorry! I wasn't trying to insult you.
But you have no problem jumping this high, do you?
I saw that earlier today.
But I can jump even higher than that.
Oww... Oww... Oww...
Then...
I'll jump even higher, to the very top!
Your spikes were really cool, since you didn't
seem to care if there were blockers there or not.
Yeah,
well...
I'm Nekoma's ace.
Though, when I say that, Taketora gets mad at me.
What? No one would call someone
who can barely play defense an ace!
But you're a middle blocker like me, right?
In the center, right?
Aces are usually wing spikers like the mohawk guy on your team, right?
Do position names have anything to do with it?
The one who's able to score the most points is the ace, right?
Simple as that.
See you tomorrow.
I'll be the first to stop that fast attack of yours.
"The one who's able to score the most points is the ace."
With their own hands...
Ubugawa                  Karasuno
Bring it!
All right!
Karasuno looks a lot calmer than they were during Golden Week.
Not to mention, they've got their number ten's fast attack.
Yeah. They seem much more on-point now.
But are you content with that, Karasuno?
You lost with your current strength, didn't you?
Isn't that why you came here to improve?
All right! Our opponents still aren't able to counter your deviant fast attack, so keep on using it!
Yes, sir!
Yes, sir.
Need a towel?
Oh, sure.
Number four!
It's in the air! Kenma, cover it!
Left! Left!
Give it to me!
All right!
Nice spike, Lev!
Sorry for being rude.
I overstepped my bounds.
Don't I keep telling you not to worry about it?
The bigger problem is how you suddenly wanted to do a broad jump.
So that thing just now is called a broad jump?
That's so awesome!
That broad jump was spur-of-the-moment?
But we were able to do it.
I'm Nekoma's ace.
A center ace...
Kenma! It's your turn to serve!
We lost in the interhigh preliminaries.
What choices do we need to make to progress?
I'm not sure if it's the correct path,
Kenma! Give us another good serve!
but we've got new blood flowing through our veins.
Does Karasuno want to improve...
by becoming more consistent?
Or do they...
want to evolve?
We climb the mountain in our way
Losing more than just time in the process
Tasting freedom makes us want to fly
And notice the feelings welling up inside
It's almost in our reach
The closer we get, the more it shines
And stretches out in front of our eyes
That panorama created just for us
Until I reach the top and come back down, my lungs will keep breathing
But now I've been possessed by the desire to climb that summit once again
We cast aside all our doubt and set flight to the skies
Our flailing hands reach out and grab hold of the moment
That special moment
Come to us climbers
Come to us right now
Lev's finally blending in with the team.
Yeah, even though it's little by little.
That's not true!
Oh? Do you feel like you're not quite there yet?
I'm already an indispensable part of the team! The ace.
You're an ace at not understanding the position you play, maybe.
Episode Five:
"Greed"
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
"'Greed.'"